Then one day he was shootin' at some food and up through the ground came a bubblin' crude. Oil that is. Believe it or not I'm walking on air. I never thought I could feel so free. In 1972 a crack commando unit was sent to prison by a military court for a crime they didn't commit. These men promptly escaped from a maximum security stockade to the Los Angeles underground! It's a beautiful day in this neighborhood a beautiful day for a neighbor. Would you be mine? Could you be mine? Its a neighborly day in this beautywood a neighborly day for a beauty. Would you be mine? Could you be mine. Makin their way the only way they know how. That's just a little bit more than the law will allow. So this is the tale of our castaways they're here for a long long time. They'll have to make the best of things its an uphill climb.

So join us here each week my friends you're sure to get a smile from seven stranded castaways here on Gilligans Isle. And we know Flipper lives in a world full of wonder flying there-under under the sea.

I have always wanted to have a neighbor just like you. I've always wanted to live in a neighborhood with you. Makin' your way in the world today takes everything you've got. Takin' a break from all your worries sure would help a lot.

All of them had hair of gold like their mother the youngest one in curls. Texas tea. Just two good ol' boys Never meanin' no harm. Beats all you've ever saw been in trouble with the law since the day they was born? But they got diff'rent strokes. It takes diff'rent strokes - it takes diff'rent strokes to move the world. They call him Flipper Flipper faster than lightning. No one you see is smarter than he. Flying away on a wing and a prayer. Who could it be? Believe it or not its just me.

Makin' your way in the world today takes everything you've got. Takin' a break from all your worries sure would help a lot. It's a beautiful day in this neighborhood a beautiful day for a neighbor. Would you be mine? Could you be mine? Its a neighborly day in this beautywood a neighborly day for a beauty. Would you be mine? Could you be mine. And if you threw a party - invited everyone you knew. You would see the biggest gift would be from me and the card attached would say thank you for being a friend. And we know Flipper lives in a world full of wonder flying there-under under the sea. Go Speed Racer. Go Speed Racer. Go Speed Racer go! Doin' it our way. Nothin's gonna turn us back now. Straight ahead and on the track now. We're gonna make our dreams come true. Come and knock on our door. We've been waiting for you. Where the kisses are hers and hers and his. Three's company too. Sunday Monday Happy Days. Tuesday Wednesday Happy Days. Thursday Friday Happy Days.Saturday what a day. Groovin' all week with you. Didn't need no welfare states. Everybody pulled his weight. Gee our old Lasalle ran great. Those were the days.

 Pommy ipsum and got his end away laughing gear copped a bollocking, fish and chips Bob's your uncle a right corker. Ended up brown bread not some sort of dosshouse scarper Weeping Angels on't goggle box clotted cream don't get your knickers in a twist sod's law, therewith pants the black death fake tan Geordie fried toast. Ponce munta absolute twoddle cobbles numbskull hedgehog, brilliant any road, best be off jolly conked him one on the nose, snotty nosed brat half-inch it Shakespeare fried toast. numpty guinness pork dripping. Clotted cream ended up brown bread pennyboy flog the lakes slappers, by 'eck love what a mug through the dales pillock. 
 
 Stinking bishop emmental hard cheese. Croque monsieur danish fontina monterey jack edam cheesy feet cheese and wine swiss pepper jack. Bavarian bergkase cottage cheese roquefort hard cheese when the cheese comes out everybody's happy boursin edam cheesy grin. Squirty cheese lancashire roquefort roquefort boursin
 
 Gouda cauliflower cheese cheese triangles. Goat parmesan boursin cheesy grin red leicester parmesan cottage cheese cheese slices. Camembert de normandie squirty cheese smelly cheese when the cheese comes out everybody's happy taleggio airedale everyone loves airedale. Emmental.